You'll notice a number of preset "filters"
which allow you to see specific messages.

The "New" button will show you only messages you haven't yet stashed away.
These should be the messages you haven't yet read and offered replies to.
We'll cover the other buttons, like "All", in a moment.

First, let's stash these messages that are new to us.
It's a good habit to stash messages as you read them.
Do NOT leave a message here just because you want to deal with it later
For that, click this "pin" button, to pin the message for later treatment.

...

Once you've read through the new posts and have stashed them away,
	your "New" filter won't show any messages until a new one comes in.

Let's click "All"
Here we see ALL messages ever sent.
The list starts at the BOTTOM - you see, I can't scroll down any more
These are the newest messages, down here.
If I scroll up, I'll see older messages.
This is the one-stop shop for all messages.  
Usually, when you're looking for a message, you have some hint
For instance, perhaps you're looking for something recently 
	posted to the "fun" tag
Just type "fun" and you'll see all messages tagged "fun"
	(AND all messages that have "fun" as one of the first words in the message)

You may have another hint that is more specific.
For instance, you remember a message about fireworks,
	so you type fireworks
There are the only two messages about fireworks
These came up because the word fireworks is so close to the 
	beginning of the message.
If the word was deeper in a longer message, you may have to
	click "Search deep", so that the search looks
	deeper into the messages to find the one you're looking for

Let's go back to the top-level filters.
"24 Hours" will show you only the messages from the last 24 hours
I still have "fireworks" in the filter box
	so this is showing me the messages about "fireworks" from the last 24 hours
Let's get rid of this filter - there are all of the messages ever written, again

"This Week" will show you this past week's messages
If I saw 100 messages about fireworks, in my earlier search,
	but I knew that the message I was looking for was recent, just this week,
	I could perhaps have clicked "This Week" with "fireworks" typed in the filter
	to see just this week's messages about fireworks.
I never have to "remember" the tag a message was posted to,
	but if I remember the tag, because it's a good reminder word,
	then it can be helpful for quickly filtering and finding the message I want.
	
Finally, "Pinned" messages are those I've pinned to deal with later.
This is like an automatic "to-do" list, if I just want to flag
	something to remind myself to handle it later, I pin it.

...

When finished dealing with a pinned message, 
	just un-pin it
Pinned messages always show up in "all" 
	and under other appropriate filters
And the next time you load the "Pinned" list, if you've
	unpinned everything, it will be blank,
	even though the message is still around.

The thing to remember is that the top-left corner
	has the most commonly used functions -
	the plus button to add a brand new message
	and the filter box to start typing some search term

There is no need to go to a "room" or know "where" to find messages
Combine the top-level filters like "24 Hours" and "This Week"
	with typing in the filter box,
	and possibly pushing the "deep" button to search
		deeper within message contents,
	and you should be a few clicks and strokes away from whatever you need

Note that NEWEST messages are always at the bottom, but the
	"New" filter starts you at the oldest unread messages
	the other top-level filters start you scrolled all the way "down",
	to see the newest, and you have to scroll up to see older messages
	
The next video will be about saving draft messages and adding attachments
